now with way less web (#48)
samrocksc/awesome-phoenix: README.md

# awesome-phoenix [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> Awesome List for Phoenix.  Compiles a list of awesome references from the az-devs channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Awesome List for Phoenix.  Compiles a list of awesome references from the [{az}devs Slack](https://azdevs.org).
```

## Resources for Organization

* #yesphx - [http://yesphx.com/](http://yesphx.com/)

> * Az Devs - [https://azdevs.org/](https://azdevs.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {az}devs - [https://azdevs.org/](https://azdevs.org/)
```
